Welcome to Draw Tip Tuesday.
Food illustrations are so much fun to do!
I get to combine my two favorite things: food
and drawing.
In illustrations, there are so many styles.
You can create your own style, or develop
even a whole range of styles.
The only way to create your own arsenal of
styles is to experiment a lot.
Each drawing style will tell a different kind
of story, or serve different purpose.
Here, I'm making a very simple line drawing
and when I combine it with color, the drawing
comes to live.
You can also simplify even more and make a
pattern out of the simplified and recognizable
shapes
Or choose a sketchy style and use a bit of
hatching, plus a dash of color pencil.
And, if you use your imagination, you could
make a character out of every shape!
Here, I'll give this little guy a hat as well.
There you go, a cookie quartet.
Are you liking this?
Hungry for more?
Well, lucky you!
My online workshop on drawing food and illustrating
recipes just started yesterday, and you can
still join!
Go to my website koosjekoene.nl and enroll
today!